[Music]
it looks desolate but it's not deserted
at certain times of year there's more
life here than on any other island in
the Pacific
[Music]
in August after months at sea elephant
seals arrive they depend on this island
for breeding Macquarie will soon be
heaving with 60,000 elephant seals but
they won't have the beaches to
themselves
[Music]
one month later another wave of migrants
appear in the surf
these are royal penguins and they're
about to have their first sighting of
land in seven months they've spent that
time hunting for fish and shrimp in the
open ocean
[Music]
one last hurdle and they're back on
terra firma
this island is actually the only solid
ground these penguins will ever set foot
on
McQuarrie's nearest-neighbor is more
than 600 kilometers away and in the
opposite direction from their favorite
feeding grounds
[Music]
within days of the first arrivals it's
standing room only
[Music]
nobody knows exactly how these penguins
navigate back to Macquarie but with this
many adults returning every year to
breed it clearly works
[Music]
you